The language, understanding the formulas, understanding what they have found when they have found the answer, interpreting results.
Developing and implementing enriched hands-on activities relevant to students areas of study.
Students treat it as other math courses. GPS learning is the problem. Show me how to do it step by step,and I'll follow! 
Under prepared students and too much information in too little time.
1) Many students seems anxious when they sign up for statistics, they fear the course before it even starts. 
2) A large proportion of my students feel uncomfortable using technology, whether it is a graphing calculator or Excel. 
3) General under-preparedness for a class that is rigorous and time-demanding.  "
The challenges are similar to those my students may face - when do I use what and what are the given conditions. I need to become more proficient in the knowing when to use what in a problem and be able to identify all the required pieces of a statistics term without having to use a key or glossary.
Students lack the needed reading and math skills.  Instructors struggle to make the content relevant to the ever changing student population.
Introduction to Statistics is many of my students' first difficult math class. Students are frustrated by the content because they are not asked to "find x" like they are used to doing. They must learn an entirely new language and convincing them of the need to practice that language is challenging. The most difficult aspects of the statistics content for my students are analysis and inferential statistics so that is where I face the greatest challenges; overcoming their fears and confusion about the confidence interval and hypothesis testing processes, formulas, and logic. Unfortunately, these are the most important skills my students will take to their data-driven workplaces.
Students have weak math skills and are not used to thinking about their answers to understand what it means in the big picture.
Disinterest
The main challenges are engaging students in a large class (100-150), fostering understanding of the role of probability and sampling distributions in statistical inference, and managing group projects.
Applied statistics
Student preparedness (or lack thereof) is the greatest challenge
My statistics courses are usually fairly large (about 40 students). I'd really like to have my students doing more hands-on work during class, but it seems difficult to find time to incorporate in-class activities while also getting through all the material. 
Modernizing the content
The balance between the practical (can the students follow the procedures and do what needs to be done) and the conceptual (do students know why they are doing what they are doing).  And why do students have such a hard time with probability?
Lack of personal connection with the content, fear of mathematical concept, technological barrier - learning statistics AND software.
Introducing meaningful real world applications to students.
Students realizing the benefits of a good statistical vocabulary and having a basic understanding of statistical processes and conclusions from those processes.
Our courses are rather large and we do not have access to a classroom with computers for the students.  The introductory courses generally use online homework and the variance in student's prior math/stat experience is large.  
See above - I am new to the material, new to "statistical thinking" (whatever that means), and want to do a good job teaching a course where students come away with more than a menu of tests they don't understand.
Getting buy in from the students about utilizing technology.  Creating robust problems that do not get bogged down into too many extraneous issues to the learning concept. Students scared of using technology.  Giving good homework assignments.
Want to create a more active classroom, increase student involvement, integrate better technology (trying to get away from computation and focus more on interpretation). I am also developing an online version of the course.
Students skill level is low and examples to use are not current enough that will have the students interested and excited to learn.
One of the challenges I face is relating theory to real-life, relevant applications. I would love to learn how turn a theoretical concept into an example using things that are important to students. 
My background is in pure math so I have little personal experience in applied statistics.  It is difficult to (a) talk about best practices, (b) give meaningful and practical examples, and (c) prioritize material appropriately when I have only worked with statistics in a pure theoretical setting and my students will be working in a variety of applied fields.  
Since our college has no prerequisite course for M1442, even students who are TSI complete often lack skills to apply the information being taught.  I also need to find ways to teach so that students can make connections within content strands and their own experience/skills/knowledge. 
Using methodologies and techniques that are helpful for the students to retain the information and categorize it in their minds so they know what to use when.
My biggest challenge is teaching students how to best create and interpret results that lead to good decisions.  I would also like to help my students actually synthesize and evaluate the methods  they are choosing in the various scenarios we study.  Also, when trying to use R, I get overwhelmed thinking about tyring to help students navigate all th error messages they get the first couple of weeks of the semester when they first download it and try to use it. Also, I feel inadequate and underprepared to help them with R. 
It is difficult for students to grasp the concept of probability and difficulty with dealing with large data sets.
Getting students to work with large data sets
"1. Helping students shift their mindset from traditional mathematics course study habits and expectations to a statistics course. Statistics requires reading comprehension, writing, and a mathematical capabilities. The interwoven nature of statistics is challenging for students.
2. I would like to improve my confidence with material beyond the traditional Intro to Statistics course so I feel better about answer student 'what if' questions."
Some students have strong math anxiety and tend to shut their ears when I start explaining about statistical models and analysis. 
It seems sometimes there is not as much knowledge transfer as I would like across questions. Also pretty different levels of ability across the class makes it a little tough. 
I find the biggest challenge is how to best manage the mix of "doing statistics" and "understanding statistics."  Teaching those ideas are fundamentally different and both are difficult for students.  I am hoping to learn new techniques or activities that will help students learn both, and make the most meaningful connections between the two.
In courses where students are learning R for the first time, it's challenging to decide on an appropriate amount of work in R and what kind of coding can I reasonably expect them to do. Another challenge I often have is how to use class time for activities in way that allows us to move forward in a timely manner. 
1) Finding real world data that can be used in class. 2)Cleaning data and making it usable for class. 3) Finding a suitable data analysis software that can help students analyze the data easily and change the parameters to investigate their effects. 4) Making the course more tangible for students by incorporating more real-world data. 
Having students apply the methods they learn in class effectively in real world projects. 
"There is a disconnect between the students and what they see in the classroom.    
Many students take the course because it is a required course for their major.  If I can make the class more interactive,  and see the relevance of studying the subject,   I think students might be more engaged with the course content.  "
--A lack of access to "real" data. --A lack of time to sit down and make good activities where students can use, explore, or learn R. 
A large  portion of my time preparing for my classes involves collecting recent and relevant data in order to create worksheets for my class. Finding the right level of robustness while not making it too challenging is difficult. It's also difficult navigating the statistical software with the students. I use R in my class and some students are really intimidated by the programming involved. Creating nice introductory examples (as well as lecture in Jupyter) would be extremely helpful.
I find that students have a hard time "scaling up" from simple word problems to analyzing complex data sets.  They learn how to apply various procedures in specific settings, but they often struggle with deciding what to do when confronted with a real-world data set with multiple variables. 
I have not taught a full statistics course.
Breaking down complex information into understandable material
The first and ongoing challenge that I see with my students is to convince them that statistics is not math. We'll use many tools of mathematics, but in the end, those tools are there to help us to understand a context or make a decision. Getting all students to buy into this concept can be difficult. Working through problems, plugging in values into a formula, and getting a right answer may be their view of statistics. I believe that having them work with real data and playing the role of a statistical consultant has helped to convince students of how they could envision the field.
Being the only statistics teacher on my college, I don't have colleagues to "brainstorm" and work to get with on how to implement new teaching techniques, work together with to produce statistical projects and activities.
Many of my students lack number sense, so predicting and evaluating for reasonableness are difficult for them.  In addition, weak writing skills in make it challenging since I require them to give answers in a sentence for most problems.  But they also comment that while difficult, writing the sentences also helps them learn the content.  I would like to get strategies to address these challenges, but also for how to teach them to analyze a situation to correctly determine which formula/test to use.
I believe the biggest challenge when teaching a statistics course in my experience is the fear of mathematics. As much as I stress that the course is not a traditional math class, and students soon learn to understand just that, I see stressed faces and hear nervous voices. My campus in particular suffers from severe math anxiety and low math self-efficacy, but, as seen in the literature, I do not believe we alone are facing this issue. While I have a lot of ways I try to relieve extra “math” pressure and support students to face their math fears, I would love to collaborate to create or learn new strategies to combat this issue. 
Students are taking the course because they have to, not because they want to. Students tend to have very weak math skills. So much material to cover over the course of the semester.
I always struggle to find the time to do more data-centered activities in class.  I know the students will benefit from that type of instruction.
Keeping the students engaged. Challenges: keeping students motivated, diverse (and often weak) Mathematics background, focus on understanding the ideas and concepts
Getting students to engage with difficult concepts.
Course can be more theoretical and dry with contrived data sets. Learning new software, such as R, presents a rather steep learning curve to the instructor as well as the students.
Time necessary to explain concepts vs. time needed to practice content 
Enabling students to see the relevance of the course content
Statistics students usually have difficulties during the phase where new terms/terminology/concepts are being introduced.  Once those are explained thoroughly with clarity, step by step, followed by highly relevant and hands on examples and practice opportunities (via a variety of ways) they usually overcome the challenges and continue to do well.
1) Finding meaningful, relevant, and authentic problems. 2) Implementing current technology that will help students in the classroom and beyond. 
Mathematical thinking in statistics course
Getting students motivated and having them grasp some of the more challenging concepts taught in an intro-level stats course
One challenge is getting students motivated to see the big picture. Also, some students fail to see the the usefulness of statistics, especially the Excel projects.
How to condense large volumes of conceptual ideas into short and limited time frames.
Stat 400 is a large lecture course (approximately 300 students) with discussion sections usually taught in a traditional manner with mixed results and mediocre evaluations from students.
I have never taken a statistics course, so that is a big challenge for me when teaching statistics.  That's why I need to continue educating myself as much as possible, so that I actually have a leg to stand on when educating students.  The only knowledge I have right now comes from textbooks, so I would really appreciate having other people to talk to about how to teach statistics.
Students mainly focus on statistical information without understanding the context related to the problem. The other challenge is being able to make student understand the statistical inference in unfamiliar problems. 
The time involved to find meaningful real life data sets that also help students grasp the subject matter. I would love to incorporate more meaningful and up to date examples in my lessons.
Finding good data sets, knowing what program (r, excel...etc) is what students should be using,  what textbook is best, and what questions to ask to better access student understanding.
I face a number of challenges.  I think all community college instructors face the challenge presented by the diversity of the populations that we serve.  I need to teach to all levels of students including motivation and challenge for the high achieving college transfer/high school students and motivation and encouragement for the traditionally low academic performers who need extra assistance.  In addition, I always face the challenge of the amount of material to be covered in a semester.  I do want to improve and be the best that I can be for all my students and I believe that education and collaboration is the beginning step to achieving that goal.
Students seeing the relevance of the course
I have found that the biggest challenge is getting students to read and think critically about problems. They tend to want to just plug and chug numbers into their calculators without developing an understanding of the concept.
helping students understand the concepts behind statistics
"The broadest challenge that I face is my inexperience with the subject. When I teach any of the subjects that I studied as an undergraduate student or graduate student, I feel quite confident stepping away from a textbook, designing my own lessons and activities. In teaching statistics classes, however, I find it difficult to anticipate what sorts of activities will be most valuable to students---and, for that matter, to come up with ideas for interesting activities.

I teach two sorts of statistics courses: one type of course is our general service course, offered to a broad audience; the other is a more-sophisticated introduction using R, targeted at mathematics, computer science, chemistry, and biology majors. We recently restructured the more-sophisticated course so that it meets three days per week in 100-minute sessions. These long sessions provide ample time for rich in-class activities, but they also challenge the instructor to engage the students without exhausting (or boring) them. The textbook that we have been using for the course, _Investigating Statistical Concepts and Methods_ by Chance and Rossman, is structured as a sequence of investigations, which make good in-class activities. Designing the class only around the text's investigations, however, can lead to monotony, since each class day has too similar a character. Furthermore, although it is easy to use the text with R, it does not support having the students do much more than basic manipulations with data sets. I have tried to supplement it with some R activities involving richer data sets and further data visualization and presentation, but I have not been very successful in these attempts."
One of the challenges I face when teaching statistics is finding and choosing data that is relevant to the interest of Carroll CC's students.
A challenge that I face when teaching Statistics is finding available data to analyze in class.  Another challenge is developing activities that enhance my lessons.
"Like many other faculty I find it difficult to make the introductory statistics course content relevant to the entire audience. Our introductory statistics course sections typically include students from every major concentration on campus, so making examples and activities relevant to everyone simultaneously is a bit challenging. 

Another challenging point is time. I would love to introduce a lab-like component to the course, but with the credit hour restrictions for most majors, this doesn't really seem feasible. I am currently working to optimize class time with activities that are engaging, but also promote student learning. "
"Students take mathematics and statistics to be the same and therefore think they need to focus only on numbers, calculations, and only one single correct answer.
Students regard the statistical rules as formulas to be memorized, and think the results can be reached just through operational knowledge and thus conceptual learning that lies behind statistical subjects does not take place.
Students lack of basic coding skills
"
Finding relevant real-world applications of statistics that are realistic to use in a classroom, and finding time to introduce concepts of statistics in addition to computational techniques (using software, for example).  
(1) Crafting open-ended projects for students to work on after they have learned some skills in statistics. In general -- getting past the technical details to where the students feel like they are doing real statistical work. (2) Helping students to understand that the reason the statistics class doesn't feel like a mathematics class is because it isn't a math class (3) Convincing the students that the most important skill to develop isn't facility with calculations (as in some math classes), but interpretation of the results 
While STAT464 has a 400 level designation, it is an introductory course in statistics, usually the only statistics course that my students have taken. Over the 9 semesters that I have taught the course, its demographics has been shifting from a large majority of students in Biological Sciences to an almost equal mix of Biological Sciences and Computer Science.  In the last two years this has been a challenge: the course is currently too theoretical for the people who understand the biological examples and too biological for people who understand the theory.  As there are no group projects or assessments in the course, the opportunity for discussion among these two different demographics is lost.  I would like to use the workshop as an opportunity to develop or adapt ‘low entry point, high ceiling’ activities for my course, both as in-class activities and as one or two out-of-class projects. 
Teaching statistics with software plus how to introduce regression and multivariate models earlier in the semester.
Wide variety of student background knowledge; limited availability of technology; textbooks rooted in 'old ways' of doing things; trying to balance conceptual understanding with computational proficiency. Wide variety of student backgrounds; lack of technology access; textbooks that are written using pre-technology methods.
One of the challenges is to keep students interested in the statistical concepts. Another challenge is to be able to involve students during class time. The students respond better if the examples used in the class are pertinent to their personal or academic life. The range of majors for students in the introductory statistic courses is wide, including business, communication, biology, math, phycology, education, etc. I prefer to offer at least one project as part of the assessment and it is really hard to find or create examples to reflect their academic major. For the courses that I teach I use Stat Crunch, but the students should be able to connect to the internet in order to use it for their HW and Projects and also it is quite expensive. I think R would be a better choice for the students.
Many students taking our introductory statistics course are often not too strong in mathematics.  As such, they often find statistics a huge hurdle in their academic program.  It has been a challenge making our introductory courses accessible without sacrificing too much in content.  
Some students come with very negative opinions about the subject 
Engaging students,  using of computational and graphical techniques. 
Making students understand and appreciate the basic statistical methods and power of statistics in our daily lives
I haven't taught statistics yet, but eventually may have to teach statistics in the near future as it's an important tool in understanding and interpreting data. I am sure the type of challenges that I encounter in other math courses will be somewhat the same when teaching statistics. 
Getting real-world data into introductory statistics classes.
The content is totally new to some of my students and others have had some of the content in high school. 
I find it hard to find the necessary time to explore new developments is a challenge for me given the heavy teaching and committee work.  I am also the only mathematician in our college who teaches statistics.   
We use SPSS at my institution, but the students only have access to it in the lab.  I come from a large commuter school, so student's complain.
One major challenge is finding "good" activities / labs to do in class. 
I have not taught it yet, but from what I hear from my colleagues, my two biggest challenges will be (1) finding good sources for data sets that appeal to the wide range of students that we see, as we do not teach statistics courses focused on economics, or science, etc,  and (2)  I am not a statistician but a mathematician (who has been teaching math for over 20 years); teaching statistics will require a very different approach
"Three of the biggest challenges I face when teaching statistics course are:
- finding interesting and accessable examples to use with the students.  
- balancing topics in terms of theory and applications.
- deciding what technology to use: Excel, Google Sheets, R, calculators?"
A deep enough understanding to make connections across the course material for the students.
Students feel difficulties in terminology.
Getting students to understand
It is challenging to find good data sets that illustrate the range of possibilities students might face.  It's also difficult deciding exactly what students need to learn that will be most useful to them in their future coursework and careers.  It is difficult to come up with rich, clear activities that are at the right level of difficulty for my students.
Having access to real data and helping students use real data is one of the challenges I am currently facing in my statistics course. We have a mini-project towards the end of the class where students work with real data and perform various tests of inference. I feel challenged in supporting students on their project work given my own lack of experience with real data. Also, as mentioned above, our Introduction to Statistics courses make use of Excel and graphing calculators. When students come to my Inferential Statistics course, they have varying experiences with technology and diverse backgrounds from their prior statistics experiences. Building in some uniformity in our courses could help support student experiences. 
I could use a broader perspective on the material to feel more confident as a statistics teacher. I also don't have any technology tools beyond excel and the calculators in our online book. Our students come in with a wide range of knowledge from those who had AP statistics in high school to some who barely passed college algebra and finding examples that are interesting and doable for both these groups is a challenge.
Finding current published research that students can interpret and verify using the statistical methods they learn in an introductory course.
The statistics courses at my college are general mathematics electives. As such, I can have in the same class, for example, students who have recently completed a remedial mathematics sequence and students who took AP Calculus in high school. Teaching to engage and motivate students with such a range of mathematical maturity requires great ingenuity. I also find myself challenged in teaching the course at a sufficient mathematical level, while addressing the required content and providing time for students to engage with real-world data, all within a 15-week semester for a 3-credit, 3-contact-hour course.
