None, really, that I can think of at the moment.
Students sometimes lack mathematics knowledge and problem-solving skills.
The department has been very helpful in my attempts to build a statistics course using an OpenStax textbook. We have saved our students thousands of dollars in textbook cost. I like to see if the workshop can help me improve the curriculum using data from real applications of statistics.  
We have a couple of old school professors who don't want to change techniques.
Our department is great about implementing changes in all of the courses, but statistics in particular. We are the leading department on campus when it comes to creating and adopting OER resources. Some of my colleagues developed web-based applications that do all necessary computations in a statistics course, as well as low-cost statistics workbooks that students really like. I personally created a completely OER online stat course that has been successfully running for about a year. In general, my colleagues are very open-minded and always willing to implement new technology in their courses if that can benefit students' learning. 
The course co-ordinator must give the final approval to utilize any new or modified materials.
Our biggest struggle is with students' lack of effort and by-in.   For example, when trying to flip delivery, most students do not watch the needed videos.  We also struggle with how to build reading skills and confidence to help students become more successful.
Funding is a challenge. Also, with a large number of professors teaching statistics, there may be resistance to changing "how we've always done it." 
There isn't enough time to do as much as I would like to help students to understand the material. 
Not much! We are encouraged to try new methods. 
Implementing change is challenging, especially when changes seem to occur every semester as we make adjustments to new ideas. I would like for all colleagues (including graduate students who teach the course) to contribute ideas for any changes we make. 
Applied statistics
We have state guidelines that must be followed
Access to technology (e.g., a computer lab) seems difficult to obtain. Also, there are many statistics sections each semester, some of which are taught by professors, some by instructors, some by adjuncts, and some by graduate students, so it seems like it would be difficult to make many changes on a department-wide level. 
Some just want to teach the "math" and not its application. We struggle focusing on the reasoning and application.
None really.  We have a very open department when it comes to changes or trying new things.
As long as the learning outcomes are congruent with the traditional pedagogy, no barrier.  
Not knowing the best way to introduce meaningful ways to the curriculum
Usually change requires more effort in the planning and implementation stages, which can be intimidating and undesirable for some colleagues. 
Lack of access to computers in the classrooms for students.  Since we teach lots of sections across the department there can be resistance to broad changes in course content.  
I hope this is confidential? My curriculum supervisor developed the Stats course, and I'm worried it is a very traditional course, and that I will meet resistance in making changes, especially if I want to deviate from her midterm or final exams. I will need to navigate the politics very delicately.
We have been trying to get other departments to use our Intro to Stats as a general education class, but the opinion across campus has been that in the past it was too math heavy.  We have been trying to fix that and get the cohort that would best benefit from stats out of college algebra. Student evaluation scores go lower when you make changes.
The upfront time to create the activities and knowing what is out there to help facilitate student learning.
Finding the correct textbook that has current exercises and data sets to do projects. 
My department does not like change and they fear technology; therefore it takes more convincing and more time when incorporating new strategies and ideas. 
Our math faculty is very heavily skewed toward pure mathematicians rather than practicing statisticians, so I believe others in the department are also forced (to varying degrees) to deal with a lack of real-world stats experience and having no colleagues we can consult.  A typical elementary stats class will have a wide variety of majors in it, so the diverse demographics make it especially difficult to make the class relevant to the students.  Finally, we have also struggled to find a good textbook - we recently switched from Triola to DeVeaux but have some issues with both books.  However, the department is extremely supportive of instructors innovating/updating their courses, and all of the stats instructors work fairly closely, sharing class plans and resources.  So I believe having access to a network of statisticians would be tremendously beneficial to all of the stats instructors in the department (and with stats being the most-offered course, there are several of us!).
Not all professors embrace technology other than a graphing calculator usually the TI-84.  This limits opportunities for exploration as well as making connections or writing about stats.   Also student who are taking the corequisite course in addition to M1442 have weak background knowledge in statistics and numerical computation skills.
None that I know of..... the course co-ordinator needs to approve the changes or at least be aware of a new approach.
We simply get overwhelmed.  We know R is an amazing tool that many of our students will see again.  How do we implement it and use it as a tool and not as the central focus of our classes?  Implementing R can be a cognitive overload on the teacher and the students .  
Gaining broad acceptance across the entire college.
We are very fortunate to be well supported in exploring changes and innovations.  Like any changes you implement, there will always be successes and failures, so we try to focus on what works and how we can improve what doesn't work well for our students.
"1. At Helena College, I am free to be innovative in the classroom. The challenge is innovation that costs money. 
2. Another difficulty is students without appropriate technology access. Students have phones, but may not have internet at home or a quality computer.
3. Sifting through the free resources available to teaching statistics. What resources will actually enhance student learning and improve my teaching techniques?"
These days, more and more students use their cellphone as a major medium to receive a variety of resources, including statistical assignments and instructions.  It is hard to make everything be readable through a cellphone. It also consumes faculty's time endlessly. 
There have been some big changes recently, stepping back in a measured manner and deciding what has been a success seems like it will be a challenge. 
I think if we have new ideas to try, each of us would be willing to implement them in our own ways.  Those of us teaching statistics are excited to try new things and improve wherever we can.  Our biggest challenge at this point has been choosing a technology to use that is both inexpensive for students and allows us to teach class in a classroom rather than a computer lab.  While visiting a computer lab periodically is fine, it is not practical for us to teach in a computer lab daily.
This is my first year in my department and I haven't observed or implemented substantial changes yet. There are several instructors of introductory statistics, so the courses are not all taught in the same way. For instance, at least 3 different software are used: R, Minitab, and Excel. I anticipate that it could be a challenge to try to make all sections less variable.
1) How to get students involved in implementing changes. 2) How to adjust the assessment of students learning. 3) How to measure the effectiveness of the changes implemented. 4) How to adjust the time frame of the course.
My department is very open to change and the modern methods of teaching statistics and the GAISE guidelines.  We sometimes have issues agreeing on a textbook for statistics for the department.
This is the first time I will be implementing changes in the course.  So I will  find out firsthand what the challenges are after I teach the course.  
Time. I'm so busy working that I don't have time to make innovative changes, except for those on the fly. Also, if a lot of time is put into making changes, how long will those changes be in use? The "return on investment" is what I think about when I make sweeping changes. 
Our main statistics course is a course that is designed for engineers. The curriculum in the class is dictated by the accreditation of our engineering majors. Our university is also desperate for computer lab space and so it is difficult to have sufficient time in the computer lab to teach statistical software. We also only have two statistics faculty and are unable to support a complete statistics major, which is something that our dean has shown no interest in. Being able to have support from outside faculty would have an immense impact on the level and amount of statistics being done at Seattle University.
None - we have a lot of autonomy and our department welcomes and supports innovation.   Note that you will also receive an application from my colleague Dr. Flavia Sancier-Barbosa.  We hope to attend as a pair, so that we can support each other in implementing StatPREP methods.
Unknown -- I have not taught the statistics course yet. 
No one wants to teach this course.  Statistics can be confusing.
Class sizes are large, with approximately 100 students in an introductory course. We also have many sections of the course, with smaller sections taught by graduate students. This leads to much variability in the teaching and learning going on in each class. As part of course redevelopment, I hop to have a broader range of materials that I can share with others teaching the course, especially to support those doing to for the first time.
With the comparative low enrollment at our college, getting and maintaining equipment and software is a real challenge. We just started a Medical Laboratory Technician Associate Degree, and they chose our Introductory Statistics course as they math requirement, so our enrollment will significantly increase and we need ways to allow these students to get hands on with data.
Our introductory statistics course is a general education course.  So it must address SUNY (State of New York) system-wide learning outcomes for quantitative reasoning, as well as college-level and course-level objectives.  The course serves many diverse programs and majors across the college, so the department has to create buy-in from several different “client departments” when making changes to the course.  In general, my department is supportive and open to trying different pedagogical approaches.
I am very lucky to be well-supported at my institution in trying new things and implementing changes. A recent, campus-wide overhaul of the general education mathematics requirements are an example that very support; we recently shifted from a basic quantitative reasoning requirement to a two-course data analytics requirement with full support of the faculty and administration.  Now, our center/department owns this requirement. However, when making changes, I believe gathering support and buy-in from all faculty on campus is essential, and ensuring students have the necessary background for the changes, which can be difficult, is a necessity. Luckily, on my campus, my center was founded to support students through this new curriculum. I hope to learn about changes others are trying, things the community has learned through innovations, and be able to bring ideas home to try in my (and my colleagues’) courses. 
We have been implementing major changes this semester. Most of our sections are taught by adjuncts, so it is hard to get the time commitment really needed to implement a major course change. Also, some of them are more "old school", and have a hard time with the technology requirements of a more data-based approach.
It is sometimes difficult to find time to research what other instructors and colleges are doing with their statistics instruction.  
Pacing of the course on top of the outside-the-textbook activities. When there are changes, we need to make sure that standards are still met.
Contrasting opinions about topics most important to include, the extent and type of technology to use, best pedagogical practices.  
Our department is supportive of changes and innovations.
Not sure - This has been my first semester teaching the course 
Matching student learning styles with the approaches different sections of the course employ
I think that the main challenge is understanding fully what the changes or innovations include and how these affect the curriculum and instruction.  I have been teaching intro to statistics using the Acrobatiq interface.  Students find it very friendly and I find it to be a very helpful vehicle for solidifying their understanding.
Finding resources and time to learn and implement changes (for example, training to use new software).
Technology support
Making those changes homogenous throughout our institution
Fortunately, our department is very forward-thinking and eager to participate in initiatives such as OER and training. We don't have many challenges. One potential challenge would be training all adjunct instructors in a timely fashion.
The many incremental bureaucratic layers for which changes must be approved before they are finalized.
Funding, staffing, and classroom technology are probably the primary concerns.
Currently I am one of the only professors teaching stats at my school who is actually interested in implementing new approaches, both pedagogical and technological.  That's why I need to get outside of my school to get some fresh ideas and contacts, and hopefully I can bring those back and inject some life into the atmosphere here.
Most of the students are not statistics major. So the challenge is to guide these students in solving the problem related to their major. The textbook focus on general issues, rather than real world problems.
One challenge I have faced is determining appropriate technology to implement. Even among my colleagues there is no consensus. Many use the TI calculators as during exams they are the easiest to utilize, as we can't always have access to a computer lab. I have used the TI-graphing calculators for years but they are very limited in terms of data set size. I have also utilized STAT CRUNCH through Pearson's  on-line math lab. I wonder if XCEL or R would be more appropriate for today's students. I would love to talk to other STATS educators about what they are doing and why. 
Money for technology. Recently denied for a grant due to the cost.
We have a number of instructors that teach statistics.  We use common tests, projects and exams.  In addition we all use the same textbook and learning support materials.  We do have freedom to teach the material as we see fit, but there is a great deal of collaboration in our department which I do not feel is a bad thing.  I do feel that we have a department of instructors who are open to innovation and change within a statistics course.
Faculty who want to continue teaching the way they've always done it
Our Statistics faculty is excellent when it comes to implementing change in the classroom, we are free to explore new techniques and work as a team to develop robust Statistics courses. 
The math department is very progressive and innovative. There are no challenges.
"I am fortunate to belong to a department that is supportive of almost all attempts at teaching innovation. Convincing each other to try something new is rarely a challenge. We are also fortunate to be able to teach all of our statistics classes in well-equipped computer labs, and so we can use statistics software or applets whenever we wish. Our main challenge as a department, then, is our collective inexperience. We do not know much about innovations in teaching statistics beyond what we learn from our textbooks and from a random selection of online sources. We also do not have a repertoire of techniques for introducing topics and engaging students in class.

Another (pleasant) challenge has been that as we have been teaching more statistics classes, we find more students who are interested in further statistics projects beyond their introductory coursework. We would like to help students find interesting data sets to work with and to use tools such as R in their work, but we do not have enough experience yet to do so."
A few challenges we face when implementing changes to statistics courses in our department are limited class time, limited student pre-requisite knowledge, and ensuring we still meet with current objectives (for transferability purposes).
A challenge that we face when implementing changes to our Statistics course is student and adjunct buy-in.  
Fortunately my department is very supportive of faculty exploring new teaching methods in all courses. As the chair of the department's curriculum committee I work closely with the departmental service course committee to ensure that students are being being exposed to all required content while allowing faculty the flexibility to make changes and improvements to instructional strategies in order to increase learning. 
"Finding a textbook book that reflect current trends in teaching statistics.
Affordable software that for student use in exploring statistical analysis.
Resistance from some  who would  prefer status quo.
"
Finding time to create new material, learn new software, and plan a project-based statistics course.  
Our IT department is under some stress right now (lots of staff turnover recently), so finding an IT staff person who can help get technology (R Studio) installed correctly in our labs has been an issue. I think that this can be worked through by my allowing more time for this process. Generally, though, I am very fortunate to belong to an open-minded department, encouraging of change and innovation for the benefit of students' learning. Two of use - James Parson and myself - are hoping to attend the StatPREP workshop together, with the whole-hearted support of our department chair, Ann Stewart. 
The challenges are the ones common to teaching everywhere: finding time to develop new materials for one’s own course and to meet with colleagues to brainstorm and implement improvements.  The fact that two of my colleagues and office-mates (Archana Khurana and Matthew Griffin) have applied to be part of this workshop is very encouraging.  Our participation as a team would benefit not only the students of our respective courses (STAT100, STAT464) but also our ability to work together to develop materials that can be used across statics courses and to create ongoing conversations and collaborations. 
N/A
We are typically well-supported by the department in changes we wish to make -- that is, we have been able to modify the course (to a point) recently as things have changed. However -Limitations of the textbook; some lack of teacher knowledge among adjunct instructors.  there are institutional constraints such as limited technology, and the fact that we have to hire adjuncts to help teach the class who may not be as well-trained in statistics as we would like.
 Time(the lack of it)= there is not enough time to research the market for the best product and to do the research for new methodologies and techniques to be used in the classroom. 
The main challenge with implementing changes in a statistic course is convincing the other departments/schools who require their major to take a statistics class that such change are beneficial and does not take away for their curriculum requirements.
Resistance to change, shortage of resources.
Support from the university, faculty training and tech support 
How to keep students engaged and motivated. 
The main challenge I see is that one group wants to use a particular type of software (e.g. excel) and another group wants to use another type of software (e.g. R or Minitab). Another challenge that we sometimes deal with is trying to come up with a common textbook that everyone agrees to. 
There is not much time in the course schedule to be able to add new material, so it becomes difficult to integrate innovations.
Change is hard and innovations in teaching are hard, especially innovations in teaching mathematics. Students who have done well in traditional math classes often struggle when asked to think and reason to discover a concept. They tend to want a lesson and rote practice not anything more.
We currently use StatCrunch as part of the MyStatLab online homework system.  It might be difficult to demonstrate the use of big data to students just by using StatCrunch or Excel. 
Fortunately, I work in a small, very supportive department, so making changes tends to be easy (it's just coming up with the new ideas that's hard!).
Biggest challenge I have is finding "new and meaningful" activities that can be completed in about 1 hour of class time.
Once I join the ranks of those teaching statistics, every member of our math department will teach intro statistics. On the plus side, this means that we all have a vested interest in the subject and all will appreciate the challenges of teaching the course, but it also means that making big changes will require everyone's participation. At the moment, only one member of the department is a statistician, the rest of us are all mathematicians. Most of us mathematicians are working hard enough at keeping up to date on changes in our fields, let along keeping up with the rapid pace of change in data analysis and "big data".  
I haven’t found challenges within my department in terms of implementing changes or innovations.  My department allows the professor to choose what software to use in their class.  My department was supportive when I suggested changing the textbook in our core introductory statistics course.  One challenge I’ve faced with a lack of access to computer labs, and once in the lab that the computers are very old and slow.  Another change is that the students often don’t have access to a computer at home, and so they do their homework on a smartphone, which limits access to certain programs.  
I am new to teaching it but I think our team is open to change.  The schedule is pretty tight so when we want to introduce a new activity, we need to decide what else to shorten or cut.
My fun challenge is time and effort to learn new innovations and to prepare new and meaningful lesson plans.
None
Time: time to carefully design new course activities.
We have had some difficulties finding a textbook that we like. Since we are a very small department, we depend on adjunct professors to teach introduction to statistics sections. Choosing a text that we all feel supports our pedagogical approaches is one challenge we are facing (in addition to choosing technology and being trained in the use of new technologies for our courses). We find it difficult to find time to work together and develop materials. This, in turn, contributes to some isolation and lack of uniformity in our courses. I believe that this workshop can be particularly beneficial in this respect: having a supportive community to collaborate with can not only support my own work, but can have an impact on ways in which mathematics (and science) instructors work together within our department.
For me it is a lack of knowledge. For the department, we rely heavily on adjuncts to teach this course and since it isn't a prerequisite for other math courses we tend to put more energy into improving precalculus and calculus classes as we can't expect adjuncts to put in time to the course between semesters.
I have not had any push back related to innovating, my chairperson is very supportive of my continued evolution as a statistics professor.
Our math department works collaboratively over the three campuses of our college – we are currently seeking to adopt a statistics textbook that better supports the GAISE standards, while minimizing the cost to our students, and providing adequate resources to our faculty, particularly adjuncts. This has been a challenging task, due to the many years that have elapsed since we last updated our course syllabus. In addition, while we would like to increase the number of credits for the course, to allow for more instructional time, this would place a number of our college's curricula over the maximum of 64 credits. Finally, the course itself has minimal standardization, so implementing department-wide changes in the course, while desired, is a slow process.
