I want to know better ways to use real data with my statistics students to help them understand the content better.
I teach Elementary Statistical Methods each semester, and I am interested in developing and implementing modern technology and innovative teaching methods in my classes.
I have been teaching statistics for 20 plus years, and the workshop sounds like a good approach to teaching statistics using real data. 
I teach Statistics full-time at a community college.  I also co-ordinate all the statistics classes here at Collin College.  Myself and one of my colleagues would like to attend and learn more about using real data in all of our statistics classes here at Collin.  
Introductory statistics courses are a significant part of my teaching load every semester, and I would love to incorporate data-centered activities in my curriculum. I think students can get a lot more out of the course if there is a hands-on project or a series of assignments where they work with real data, using modern technology. 
I would like to become more proficient in the use, ability and teaching of Statistics at my college and knowledgeable in the technologies available for students to use - such that I can switch back and forth on different platforms to demonstrate to students the versatility and ability that they can have with both statistics knowledge and technical ability.
To learn how to establish a hub and experience a hub of support with participants.  Learning methods related to statistics across the nation will allow our college and schools within the state to update and improve delivery.
The StatPrep workshop is exactly what I'm looking for. I am always looking for better ways to make my introduction to statistics courses relevant to my students through data-centered explorations that bring what they already hear and see in their daily work and personal lives into the classroom. I am looking for specific best-practices that will prepare my students for the data analysis they will see (and are seeing) in their jobs when they leave the classroom. I want them to have the satisfaction that comes with that, "We did this exact thing in my stats class last semester," moment. The best way I know to do this is to collaborate with my peers who are continually finding ways to be more effective statistics educators. 
I primarily teach statistics and I'm always looking for new activities to use in class to help students to better understand the material.
To be more effective elementary stats instructor
I coordinate my department's elementary statistics course. I would like to incorporate more real-world data and relevant software for stats projects.
To enhance my statistics knowledge and help students to be able to use applied statistics .
I teach Statistics most semesters and would love to learn some new techniques
As an instructor at TCU, I teach Elementary Statistics almost every semester, and I would really love to help students learn more skills that they'll need in the real world. In particular, I'd love to be able to teach them to work with real data. 
I teach Statistics and use statistics in my administrative position
I am interested in conversations with other teachers of statistics for what works for them!
Learning about using the data set that provide meaning for students to connect with the contents.  Broadening a network of faculty members who are interested in StatPrep idea and pedagogy.  
To improve my statistics classes curriculum.
I am interested in offering students examples with real data so that they can analyze real-life situations and see the applicability of having some statistical background.
I would like to improve my use of technology in preparation for teaching statistics class and find ways to teach students how to use modern technology to do statistics.  For example, introducing students to R or other statistics software.  
I'll be teaching Statistics for the first time this fall. I understand intro stats is being modernized and I'd like to learn this perspective, as well as gain insight for the material and for "statistical thinking", beyond the intro text I'll be teaching from. I am applying to a workshop far from home because I'm sabbath observant, so this is the only workshop that works with my schedule.
I have just started teaching introduction to statistics at my school.  I am interested in sharpening my explanations and improving content and delivery.   I have been teaching intro to stats over the past two semesters.  I have tried to incorporate data projects.  I am interested in getting the students hands dirty throughout the semester rather than in a fury at the end of the semester.
I'm the temporary coordinator for our Introduction to Statistic course and I want ideas of how to improve our course to better prepare our students. We have 22 sections of the course with novice Teaching Assistants, want to create a more coordinated program integrating technology.
I currently teach an introductory stats course and I am interested in gaining more skills with a data centered approach.
I would like to attend this workshop so that I can learn new methods of data collection and analysis. I want to breathe life into the course material and make it relevant for today’s students' lives and interests.
I teach 1-2 sections of Elementary Statistics each semester.  As a requirement for several different degree plans at TCU, it is the most-offered course in the math department and will likely continue to be part of my courseload for the foreseeable future.  We also have a large actuarial program and I have taken up learning R to eventually teach it to our actuarial students, so having additional resources for R would be helpful.
We are a small mathematics department getting ready to offer additional corequisite courses for elementary statistics.  We all have different strengths but welcome new ideas that will help students be successful.   I believe that StatPREP would provide additional strategies to teach that students would most definitely benefit from.
Learn more about how to increase student learning and understanding in an introductory Stats Course - since I have only taught it once and am rusty on the latest technology, advances that are helpful in the student learning arena.
I would like to better understand how to teach introductory statistics using R.
I’m always interested in new ways of teaching my statistics and probability classes.  StatPREP seems very interesting to me.
To continue the work started at the 2018 Seattle workshop 
I want to broaden my experience and knowledge base of statistical instruction. I am the sole statistics instructor at Helena College, yet feel unprepared at times to be the instructor. I learn best in a hands-on and in-person learning environment. I believe attending the StatPrep workshop will provide me additional knowledge, experience, and connections with fellow colleagues that will benefit my instruction.
I regularly teach a course of community intervention program evaluation (junior level course) that requires statistical skills. 
I am a regular instructor of our two quarter statistics and research methods series and want to improve my performance in this class.
I have been teaching statistics for seven years and try to use real data as much as possible.  I am excited to learn new ways to teach and incorporate data in an effort to better prepare students for their majors and careers.
Being the department's new hire and sole statistician, I could benefit from being exposed to new ideas and ways of teaching stats, as well as exchanging experiences with other participants. I'm particularly interested in improving my courses to be more data-driven and hands-on. One of my colleagues is also applying to participate in the workshop and we plan to bring these ideas back to the department.
I primarily teach statistics at Northwest Indian College and I would like to connect to other statistics instructors, exchange our experience, and learn how we can integrate more data analysis in teaching an intermediate statistics course. 
I want to stay updated in the methods of data analysis and be able to teach it effectively to my students.
I would like to help students do well in stats classes.  If I can incorporate more data analysis in the courses, it would help students make the connection between what they see in the classroom and the real world.  
I am fulfilling my duty to attend the 2nd consecutive StatPREP workshop. :) BUT, I'm really excited to have another opportunity to work with R and get some questions answers, now that I've just now* started to implement a Shiny App in my class (*see also my next two answers). I want to have time dedicated to sitting down and having a product at the end of the workshop that I can have my students use right away, with little knowledge of R. I would like to put myself out there and have a Shiny App on the StatPREP page for others to use. 
I recently broadened my research focus to include some areas of statistics. I have only taught one statistics class, but I will be teaching another next year. I would like to have a chance to explore ideas about pedagogy with experts before I teach another class.
I teach two sections of introductory probability and statistics each year, although my training is in applied mathematics.  I would love to incorporate more data-driven exploration and real-world examples into my class.
I'm going to be teaching statistics to future middle school teachers starting in Spring 2019, and annually for the foreseeable future. 
Our institution may soon be adding Statistics to our course offerings
I am new faculty member in my department and I am in the early stages of redeveloping our introductory coursework. The coursework in place previously is more of a mathematical and theoretical underpinning to statistics. I plan for the redeveloped courses to put data first, and introduce the basics of computing in R. I hope that a StatPREP workshop can help me gain insight on redeveloping such coursework, which I will be putting in place during the next academic year.
My only statistics background is one undergraduate graduate (taken prior to 1991) and one graduate course (taken in 1994) and teaching AP Statistics (about 2005-06). I would really like learn a bit more about the foundations of what is Introductory Statistics, use more "real" data in the classroom, and begin to teach students a statistical package they might actually use if they were to pursue statistics beyond the first semester.
I typically find myself so pressed for instructional time, that I do very little with actual data.  So my main goal is to find effective ways to engage students in using data to learn the course content, while still meeting the student learning outcomes.  I am also interested in learning visualization techniques that I can teach to my students, as I think this will scaffold their difficulties with number sense and vocabulary. I would also like to include more collaborative learning in my statistics classes so the students learn more from each other and less directly from me.
"My interests in attending a StatPREP workshop are threefold: 1) as a Discipline-Based Education Researcher (DBER) in STEM education with a particular interest in statistics and mathematics education, 2) as a professor for statistics and data courses, and 3) as the Director of the center supporting mathematical-, quantitative-, and data-content and skills on my campus (Goucher’s Quantitative Reasoning (QR) Center). 

In regards to my status as a DBER (Discipline-based education researcher), I am currently working on a project and writing a grant related to how students perceive data, where they believe data comes from, and how to support data, including statistical, literacy in higher education. I am working with a colleague, Robert Kluger from the Civil Engineering Department at Louisville. I believe insight into current and best practices for teaching statistics will serve me well in developing methods and analyzing data for this project. 

As a professor of mathematics at Goucher College, I regularly teach our introductory data analytics course, which at its heart is an introductory statistics course. We use the idea of spread, the importance of distributions, and the realities of statistical applications in real-world data in the course, which would greatly benefit from new and innovative teaching activities and possibly updated data. I will also likely teach some mid- and upper-level statistics courses in future semesters as our new (pending MHEC approval) Integrative Data Analytics major rolls out in Fall 2019. 

Finally, as the QR Center Director at Goucher, I support programming for our entire Data Analytics curriculum. Most students satisfy this curriculum requirement of two courses by taking a variety of statistics-based courses offered. My Center and tutors could greatly benefit from any knowledge I bring back to my institution. 
"
I am the coordinator for the Basic Statistics course at Towson University. We teach about 25 sections of the course each semester. We just switched to the Lock textbook this past fall, so this workshop could be really helpful as we work to get better at presenting the material to our students. I am also interested in being a contributing member of my regional StatPREP Hub.
I would like to use more data-driven instruction in the intro. to statistics class that I teach.
I would like to learn some active learning strategies to teach Statistics more effectively. I want to attend StatPREP because I would like to become more effective in teaching Statistics.
Statistics education has been one of my key interests (and areas of research) as a faculty member at Towson. I led the effort at TU to revamp our Basic Statistics course  to bring it in line with GAISE recommendations and to hire a coordinator for the course to improve the delivery, as well as to create and maintain uniformity across sections. I regularly teach either our Basic Statistics or course or teacher-preparation courses that are focused on Prob and Stat or include a statistics components.  
Develop/refine data-oriented introductory Statistics pedagogy
Because I am teaching Statistics and learning new approaches to reach students is always important as a way to be a more effective teacher - Professional development is a great way to grow. 
Always looking to improve the Statistics course that I teach
I would love to learn more about how to teach and instruct  statistics courses most effectively and to learn more about pedagogy advances in the field.  I would appreciate making more contacts with fellow faculty and brainstorming together about how to further instruction and teaching.
"I want to grow as a statistics teacher.  In particular, I want to find ways to make my course more relevant by including more real world data and technology. I would also like to find opportunities to reach out to a broader teaching and learning statistics community. 
"
I am teaching introductory level stats courses at current university.
I would like more diverse resources for my statistics class
I am looking forward to connecting with like-minded colleagues across the region and learning how to incorporate real-life data into my lessons.
I am interested in exploring various pedagogical methods for improving student success in my current statistics course.  
We are interested in improving our Statistics and Probability for Scientists and Engineers course (Stat 400) at the University of Maryland and would like to incorporate recent pedagogical ideas in a possible redesign of the course.
I would like to improve my teaching of Introduction to Statistics, in particular by giving students more modern and high-tech tools to analyze data.  Previously, I have only used Excel in my stats class, but R is becoming more common and desirable in the workplace, and I don't currently have the skills to use R in my classes.  I would really appreciate being able to give this to my students.  Also, I look forward to the opportunity to network with my fellow stats teachers and get ideas from them, as well as to contribute meaningfully to their experience.
I want to attend this StatPREP Workshop to learn the different pedagogy in teaching statistics for non-statistics student using data along with statistical software.  
I began teaching statistics in the early 2000's. A lot has changed since then. I would love to glean some updated information to share with my students and colleagues.
I really enjoy teaching stats and want to learn more about the materials and ideas that other colleagues have explored. 
I have been teaching statistics at Catawba Valley Community College for 10 years.  I have been looking for new ways to teach the material - maybe using one large data set throughout that I keep coming back to through all the material in statistics to show the continuity.  I need a jump start to collaborate with colleagues to generate ideas on how to improve my course.  I do not want to stick to my comfortable old ways of teaching with a powerpoint.  I need to bring excitement and energy into my course and I am looking for help and collaboration.
I am the course coordinator for stats at my school and I'm working on revitalizing the class for the entire institution. I'd like to incorporate a more data-centric approach to the classes I teach and give other faculty ideas for doing the same. 
I'd like to learn about various techniques for teaching developmental and credit level Statistics. 
Enhance my statistics course
In the past few years, teaching statistics in my department has changed considerably. A long-term adjunct professor, who had taught almost all of our statistics courses, retired, and the tenure-track faculty members took over teaching these courses. At the same time, student interest in our calculus offerings was diminishing while interest in our statistics courses remained strong. As a result, my colleagues and I have been teaching many more statistics classes---and have been investing the same zeal into those classes that we were investing in our reform calculus classes. These changes has been challenging for us, as none of us had much (if any) statistics experience before starting to teach our statistics courses. I hope that by attending a StatPREP workshop, I will learn more about how experts think about the subject and teach it. I hope that the workshop will support my thinking more flexibly about the subject and my incorporating a richer variety of activities into my statistics classes than what the class textbooks provide.
I would like to attend a StatPREP workshop to improve my understanding and ability to incorporate the use of data beyond what is currently available in the textbook in the 100-level general education stats course at Carroll CC.  Then I plan to contribute what I learn to the body of knowledge with my faculty peers who also teach stats.  I believe this provides a great opportunity to accomplish the above.
I would like to attend a StatPREP workshop to increase my understanding of incorporating more data analysis into Statistics and in turn share this information and experience with my peers and students.
"Our department currently offers concentrations in pure/applied mathematics, secondary math education, and scientific computing. We are currently working to establish a program in data science. As such, we are seeking to develop our introductory statistics classes in a way that supports a data science pathway and promotes data analytics to a broader range of our student body. 

In my role as a tenure-track assistant professor I have taught a lot of introductory statistics. Over the past couple of years I have developed my instructional techniques and activities to better suit a broad range of students. I believe that participating in this workshop will make me even more equipped to educate our students through more engaging and meaningful activities. In turn, this will hopefully improve student learning in the course as well as promote our major and minor programs.  "
To improve my effectiveness in teaching introductory statistics; on how help to student “think with data” foster active learning experiences through demonstrations. projects, written and oral presentations
I'd like to learn modern methods of data analysis, find ways of incorporating these methods into my statistics course, and get involved with a community of statistics educators in the DMV area.  
I am a mathematician (algebraist) who has recently been tasked with teaching both the QL-version of introductory statistics as well as the introductory statistics course for math and science majors here at Hood College. I have very much enjoyed teaching these classes and have sought "best practices" advice from sources such as GAISE 2016, the ECOTS conferences, and former instructors of these courses. However, even having consulted all of these wonderful resources, I still often wonder if I am emphasizing the "right" points in class and if I am going about things the way a statistician would. Since we don't have a statistician on the faculty here at Hood College, it would be extremely beneficial for me to not only learn more about statistics pedagogy from StatPREP, but also, to belong to a network of local statistics instructors to be able to provide support to one another. 
By training and inclination I tend to present concepts starting with abstract theory and moving to concrete, but small academic examples.  This is not a habit that serves me or my students well in STAT464- Introduction to Biostatistics, a course for non-majors.  I would like to introduce more realistic examples in my teaching and assessments and to do it in a way that enables my students to concentrate on statistical concepts rather than programming syntax. As such, the promise of the StatPREP project to “foster the widespread use of data-centered methods and pedagogies in introductory statistics courses” is of great interest to me. 
I wish to learn how to teach data-centric introductory statistics courses.
Not only do I wish to improve my own teaching of statistics, I have been pursuing research in statistics education and teacher preparation, and it would be very valuable for me to experience some of the latest thinking in that area. Not only do I want to improve my own statistics teaching but I am currently doing research into statistics pedagogy and teacher training. 
I believe that this workshop is a great opportunity for me to learn about how to incorporate R studio in my statistics courses and provide me with some data centered examples. Also, it will provide me ideas about how to teach some of the data science courses that will be offered at Medaille College for the first time as part of the new  applied mathematics program with a concentration in data science.
Our department is developing our statistics and data analytics programs, and this workshop will provide important information that will assist us 
To improve how to teach our Probability & Statistics courses
To improve teaching statistics courses, such as Math 114, 314, 309, at my institute. 
To learn modern methods of data analysis and bring it back to classroom so students can see the beauty and power of statistics in this data driven age. 
As part of the Achieve the Dream Team I would like to learn about some of the methodologies used in data analysis for introductory math courses. Someday I may have to teach a statistics course so it would be beneficial not only for students but for my own professional growth to be exposed to some of the modern teaching techniques that are currently being implemented in the statistics curriculum. Lastly, my colleagues and Dean encouraged me to attend. 
To be able to add more data-driven methods to teaching statistics.
I have taught high school math for years but am currently teaching my first stats course at the college level and am looking for new ideas.
I would like to integrate activities/projects that uses current data analysis methods into my introductory statistics course.   
I want to add more real data to my stats courses, and increase my knowledge of free statistical resources, such as R.
I am looking for activities and ideas that will help me improve my Statistic Course at the college.
Next year, I will begin teaching Introductory Statistics, and would like to develop the course as I mean to go on, including an emphasis on modern data analysis wherever I can. The world is rapidly changing and over just the next few years, the focus of the labor market is going to be shifting more and more toward analyzing the data that all of our new drones, robots, algorithms etc are generating, in virtually every area of life. I would like to help my students be aware of what is coming, and have my course be their introduction to what the possibilities are.
In short, I would like to attend a StatPREP workshop so that I can become a better statistics professor.  My educational background is in numerical applied mathematics, but I teach almost exclusively statistics and probability courses.  I attended a JMM (Joint Mathematical Meetings) minicourse called “Teaching Statistics” in 2017, and found that to be incredibly helpful. I would like to learn more skills for teaching statistics and data analysis. 
I am teaching Exploring Statistics for the first time this year and really enjoying it. I want to be better though!
I want to learn innovative ways to teach Statistics.
Learn to use R
I have only taught Statistics once before, I am scheduled to teach it more going forward (at least once this summer, two sections in the fall, and probably more after that) and I am looking for more ways to get my students thinking about, exploring, and using data (real data, as much as possible) throughout the course.
At Lesley University we have a small mathematics department and only two instructors teach Statistics. I taught Inferential Statistics for the first time this Spring and really enjoyed it. However, I felt limited by our sole use of graphing calculators for technology, and, because this was my first time, I was unsure of how to incorporate real data into the course. The course consisted of lots of simulations and student use of applets, which were helpful activities. I am interested in making the course more engaging and helping students see the value in working with real data. Additionally, I would like to learn R and make its use uniform across our statistics courses. Adjunct professors teach sections of Introduction to Statistics, each using a different text and different technology, and I am invested in making our courses a bit more uniform so that we might share resources and develop activities together. Our Natural Science and Mathematics department also sees the value in  teaching and using R throughout our curriculum, including science courses and the capstone course through which students work on independent projects. I hope my participation in this workshop and in the various follow up activities can support such an effort, while providing me with valuable pedagogical strategies.
I am an algebraist who never took a statistics class but am now teaching our Introduction to Statistics. I've learned enough from the book to present it to our students but I don't feel confident enough to do anything innovative or to answer some questions that go much beyond what is in an intro to stats book.
I teach 6-12 credits of Statistics each semester and 6 credits of A.P. Statistics in a High School setting each year. I love learning about the resources available to make the subject come alive. Our data-driven world is fascinating and it is more important now than ever to arm ourselves with statistical tools to seek truth and think about reality effectively. I try to teach using modern research, data sets, technologies (wolfram alpha, desmos, applets, etc.), and techniques.
I am attracted to the StatPREP workshop because of the opportunity that it offers for me to improve and update my pedagogical skills in introductory statistics, particularly as regards analytical methods. I would also like to engage with my undergraduate statistics peers, as well as experts in the undergraduate statistics field. Finally, as the lead faculty for statistics courses on my campus, I am currently involved in department committees related to statistics. As such, I would deeply appreciate the opportunity to share what I learn and the resources I gain, as a first step towards department-wide innovations in and improvements to our statistics courses.
